[Music]
we're doing an issue on inspirational
people Oh
mr. Rogers hello neighbor the beloved
children's television host so good to
see you again today
you hired me as an investigative
journalist I don't puff pieces 400 words
play nice
mr. Rogers I'm here to interview you it
is so nice to meet you this piece will
be for an issue about heroes do you
consider yourself a hero that's just it
he read you before we agreed and did
every article we could find
okay full filing mr. Rogers on our
program I tried to look through the
camera into the eyes of a single child
it's just about the nicest person I've
ever met I just don't know if he's for
real Boyd please oh my child all these
people line up to tell you their
problems that would be an internal
burden on you sometimes we have to ask
for help and that's okay
[Music]
you love broken people like me I don't
think you were broken
[Music]
you didn't let people know that each one
of them is precious roll sound
Daniel ELISA I'm set Thank You Daniel
did you just talk to the puppet please
I'm talking
you